README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://www.noerdisch.de" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/markusguenther/abe70d34f4a4621aed0ef504c5d0192b/raw/5bf0f3df328e58ba7aad067a56cbd1c15ef69491/logo_full.svg" width="300">
    </a>
</p>

[![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/noerdisch/linkchecker.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/noerdisch/linkchecker)
[![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/noerdisch/linkchecker.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/noerdisch/linkchecker)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/noerdisch.svg?style=social&label=Follow&style=flat-square)](https://twitter.com/noerdisch)

# Neos.LinkChecker

Neos package that is able to crawl the whole page and check the links for broken links

```IMPORTANT WIP``` 

## Installation

```bash
composer require noerdisch/linkchecker
```


## Contribution

We'd love you to contribute to Neos.LinkChecker. We try to make it as easy as possible.
Therefore the first rule is to follow the [eslint commit message guideline](https://github.com/conventional-changelog-archived-repos/conventional-changelog-eslint/blob/master/convention.md).
It is really easy, when you always commit via `yarn commit`. Commitizen will guide you.

If you have questions just ping us on twitter or github.

## License
The MIT License (MIT), please see [License File](LICENSE) for more information.

Commit message:

Breaking: Change Vendor name to Unikka
The package was published as noedisch package before but is not available anymore.
Now we adjust the vendor name and name space to fit the unikka eco system.

The package was authored by me under the MIT license and so we continue now
as an unikka package.

BREAKING CHANGE: Vendor name and namespace change

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/unikka/unikka.de/src/assets/unikka_with_background.svg" width="300" />
</p>

[![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/unikka/neos-linkchecker.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/unikka/neos-linkchecker)
[![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/unikka/neos-linkchecker.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/unikka/neos-linkchecker)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/unikka_de.svg?style=social&label=Follow&style=flat-square)](https://twitter.com/unikka_de)

# Neos.LinkChecker

Neos package that is able to crawl the whole page and check the links for broken links

```IMPORTANT WIP``` 

## Installation

```bash
composer require unikka/neos-linkchecker --no-update
```


## Contribution

We'd love you to contribute to Neos.LinkChecker. We try to make it as easy as possible.
Therefore the first rule is to follow the [eslint commit message guideline](https://github.com/conventional-changelog-archived-repos/conventional-changelog-eslint/blob/master/convention.md).
It is really easy, when you always commit via `yarn commit`. Commitizen will guide you.

If you have questions just ping us on twitter or github.

## About

The package is based on the `Noerdisch/LinkChecker` package. We thank the Noerdisch team for
all the efforts.

## License
The MIT License (MIT), please see [License File](LICENSE) for more information.
